#
# applied by: svn propset svn:externals -F ./EXTERNALS.txt .
#

easyshop.carts https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.carts/trunk
easyshop.catalog https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.catalog/trunk
easyshop.checkout https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.checkout/trunk
easyshop.core https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.core/trunk
easyshop.criteria https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.criteria/trunk
easyshop.customers https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.customers/trunk
easyshop.discounts https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.discounts/trunk
easyshop.groups https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.groups/trunk
easyshop.information https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.information/trunk
easyshop.kss https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.kss/trunk
easyshop.login https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.login/trunk
easyshop.order https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.order/trunk
easyshop.payment https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.payment/trunk
easyshop.shipping https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.shipping/trunk
easyshop.shop https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.shop/trunk
easyshop.stocks https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.stocks/trunk
easyshop.taxes https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easyshop.taxes/trunk

easymall.carts https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.carts/trunk
easymall.catalog https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.catalog/trunk
easymall.customers https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.customers/trunk
easymall.mall https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.mall/trunk
easymall.order https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.order/trunk
easymall.payment https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.payment/trunk
easymall.shipping https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.shipping/trunk
easymall.shop https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.shop/trunk
easymall.taxes https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/easymall.taxes/trunk

iqpp.sessions https://easyshop-for-plone.googlecode.com/svn/iqpp.sessions/trunk
